Meet with your team to discuss the details of how you are going to approach the group assignment. 
The more details you provide the higher the chance of getting credit for this bonus assignment. 

Question 1:
How often are you going to meet?
Answer: 2 times a week after class Tuesday and Thursday 3:45 - 4:45.

Question 2:
Which tools and communication technology are you going to use?
Answer: Discord/Groupme for communciation, we also have eachother's phone numbers to quickly message and call group members.
We plan on using Python, Github, VsCode, SQL. Everything necessary to complete the group assignment.

Question 3:
Who is going to complete which tasks?
Answer: I feel as though we will each section off tasks as they come along. To be more specific, we want to figure out what our best abilities are
(aka python or SQL) and assign them that way.

Question 4:
What are the expected completion dates of each task?
Answer: Finish each task well before the due date at least 3 to 4 days before. We want to make certain that we are doing things before they are due.

Question 5:
Who is going to be the repo owner?
Answer: Dennis Ross is the current repo owner.

Question 6:
What is your process to accomplish tasks and review code?
Answer: Use GitHub commit messages to ensure that we are doing things in a timely manner and correct. Also make sure we send messages to eachother of what we are doing and completing.

Question 7:
How are you going to hold each team member accountable to stay on top of their tasks?
Answer: We are certain that each of us are accountable however there will be task timelines we must meet.
If need be we will contact someone who is doing something wrong or not doing it right.

Question 7:
Set up the assignment repo per the assignment document and invite all members and ballingsclass.
Clone the repo to your disk.
Copy the file from your firstname_lastname repo, to your assignment folder.
Using commands everyone should push this file with their answers to the assignment repo after creating a branch 
called plan_lastname, and do a pull request, wich the repo owner will execute.
We will check the repo to see if everything if this is done correctly.
Don't forget to also push to your firstname_lastname repo and do a pull request.





